  'Drone sightings have exploded across the country involving a wide variety of devices
   - but the incidents that concern me the most are those involving the SUV-sized UAVs in
   places like New Jersey.\n\nThe term "False Flag" gets thrown around rather haphazardly these days and it\'s important to
    recognize that a real false flag requires a particular end result - The public blaming the wrong culprit for an event
    that someone else (usually our own government) perpetrated. When it comes to the increasing fervor over major drone
    activity across the US, I have very little doubt that what we are witnessing is a false flag scenario.\n\nFirst,
    let\'s outline what has happened so far: Drone sightings have exploded across the country involving a wide variety
    of devices - but the incidents that concern me the most are those involving the SUV-sized UAVs in places like New
    Jersey. The sightings have been happening for months. US government agencies including the FBI, DHS and national
    security officials claim they have no idea who is behind this activity, even though drones have been seen operating
    over highly protected areas like US military bases.\n\nThere\'s a lot of information to be gleaned here if you know
    what you\'re looking for. I have written extensively about drones and drone warfare in my survival newsletter over
    the years, primarily on new developments in the technology and ways for civilians to defeat that technology. However,
     I have also written on how civilians can use drones for their own self defense.\n\nI know enough about tracking
      technology to say with relative certainly that officials are lying about the drones over New Jersey, and probably
       about most of the covert drone activity in other parts of the country. They know who is controlling these drones,
       and it\'s most likely our own government. What we are witnessing is some form of false flag in progress.\n\nFirst
        and foremost, drones can indeed be tracked rather easily depending on where they fly. Remote signals going back
        to the operator can be tracked with the right equipment. The stronger the remote signal the easier it is to find
         the operator. In New Jersey, for example, US Air Force Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst partnered with AeroDefense,
         a local business specializing in tracking technology and drone detection, to produce a system to track drones across
          the installation as well as pinpoint perpetrators who fly them. They started this program back in 2020.\n\nDrone
          company DJI, which controls around 90% of the consumer drone market, has their own proprietary drone tracking
          technology that can be purchased by governments and various agencies. There\'s likely dozens more companies
          out there right now producing similar products to the DJI tracking tech.\n\nUnder new FAA regulations instituted
           this year, all drones operating in US air space (except very small drones) are required to carry a Remote
           ID module which broadcasts operator information and location. Most drones now have Remote ID integrated
           into their software and removing it can be a pain. For example, DJI drones are basically no longer used by
           Ukrainian forces because the built-in Remote ID gives away their positions. They now build most of their
           drones from scratch.\n\nThere are ways around drone tracking (to a point). Remote ID spoofing devices can
            be built and programmed for as little as $20. These broadcasting modules can create the illusion of
            dozens of drones in the sky with false operator data included. Anyone trying to use Remote ID tracking to
            find you will have no idea which drones are real and which are fake.\n\nDrone signal repeaters
             (which function much like ham radio repeaters) are not uncommon and are used in Ukraine by both
             sides to help confuse tracking attempts. Signal repeaters and antennas are easy to hide, and pinpointing
             an exact location is difficult. In Ukraine, trackers would simply find a general area where the antenna
             or operator might be and then hit it with artillery. If they only hit a repeater, then the operator is
              out about $200 and that\'s it.\n\nThe Russians use drones connected to long spools of fiber optic
              cable which allows them to send the devices into areas protecting by jamming. The direct connection also
              keeps the operators from being tracked.\n\nThen there are drones with AI software which bypass a lot of tracking
               tools. If the drone is controlling itself then there\'s no operator signal to trace. The drone might be
               broadcasting a video signal but that\'s not going to give up the location of the people who deployed the
                drone.\n\nMost of these techniques would never be used by common civilians or even small terror groups
                (AI flight software in particular would only be used by governments). On top of that, access to large
                drones or car-sized drones is very rare for civilians and requires extensive permits. The cost of such
                 devices is prohibitive (tens-of-thousands or hundreds-of-thousands of dollars depending on the drone).
                 \n\nMy point is, there is no way civilian operators or small terror groups are behind the majority of these
                 events. The level of sophistication involved here requires military or government agency oversight. Beyond
                  that, there aren\'t enough countermeasures in the world to prevent tracking over sensitive government
                  locations. The US military and DHS have extensive means to track down drones (especially large drones)
                  flying in close proximity to bases and protected sites.\n\nTriangulation would not be hard given the drone
                   operators would have to fly through the middle of multiple detection equipped facilities. And, even if the
                    drones are AI operated, large drones are not very fast or nimble. They could be followed without much trouble
                     by helicopters or other drones.\n\nLack of public knowledge on this issue is being exploited by government
                     officials and the media. I have seen multiple agency representatives claim that there\'s "not enough
                     restrictions in place" to keep the threat of domestic drones in check. I have also seen government reps
                     claim these drones are being operated by a foreign enemy like Iran. Recently, at least two men were arrested
                     for flying a small drone too close to an airport in Chicago - Federal agencies and the media have tried to
                     link these men to the covert drone sighting across the country when it\'s likely they have nothing to do
                     with the situation.\n\nMisinformation like this suggests an attempt to pin the drone activity on civilian
                     sources, or, a foreign adversary working with civilian sources. In other words, they are preparing the
                     ground for one of two outcomes: More aggressive restrictions on civilian drones, or, an drone attack that is
                      blamed on a foreign government.\n\nThe size of the drones is what worries me most. If the goal of a foreign
                      government was to monitor sensitive sites and collect information, they wouldn\'t use car-sized drones. Large
drones would be too easy to trace. They would use small mid-range drones outfitted with thermal that fit in a backpack.\n\nBut,
our own government could fly fleets of large drones over cites and military bases with impunity. If our government wanted to,
say, blow up a sacrificial military facility, damage a nuclear power plant or hit a civilian center, car-sized drones would be
 very useful because they are designed to carry considerable weight. Drones like those sighted over New Jersey could carry
 500-1000 pounds of ordnance (maybe more). A swarm of these drones could cause total havoc in a heavily populated area.\n\nI
  worry about this outcome because the Biden Administration and the globalist establishment have been very active in the past
   several months trying to create as many ignition points for world war as they possibly can before Donald Trump takes office
   in January. A false flag at this time makes perfect sense.\n\nMy second theory is based on the strange comments by defense
   officials linking the activity to lack of restrictions on the civilian drone market. As noted, there is NO WAY civilians
   are flying car-sized drones in US airspace over protected sites without being followed. The drones are too expensive, too
   big to move around without people noticing and that kind of operation requires insider knowledge of DoD and DHS tracking
    methods.\n\nSome have speculated that there may be an agenda to get legislation (like a new Patriot Act) passed in the
     near future. I believe this may be a ploy to get traction on legislation restricting or banning civilian ownership of
      drones. Some people might be skeptical about that idea, but consider for a moment how useful drones are to a potential
       populist rebellion...\n\nFor over a century, governments and national armies have had a monopoly on aerial
       surveillance and the ability to engage enemies from the sky. With the invention of drones many patriots and survivalists
       have viewed the technology as the biggest threat to future attempts at rebellion against the establishment. The devices
       are cheap to produce, can operate in forests and urban environments and even small drones can carry enough explosives to
        maim or possibly kill with precision.\n\nIn the past, smaller forces using asymmetric tactics could still gain the upper
        hand against governments, even when fighting an advanced military with air superiority. Drones are now treated as the end
         game for insurgencies. But the truth is quite the opposite; drones are the end game for standard armies and
         a huge advantage for asymmetric rebellions. Drones are the biggest game changer in warfare for civilians
         since the invention of the repeating rifle.\n\nWe have seen the face of combat change dramatically in the
         war in Ukraine as drones become increasingly vital for both sides. Medium-sized drones have disrupted typical
          maneuver warfare tactics using high explosives to disable armored columns. Small drones allow operators to
           monitor the battlefield from the sky for miles and make discreet troop movements impossible.\n\nDrones can be
           easily used by civilians for the same purposes. For the first time ever, patriots have access to the air for
           surveillance and defense. I would not be surprised to see governments fabricate reasons why the technology "needs to
            be banned" - They will try to sell the American people on the idea that drones are a danger to public safety, even
            if that requires bankrolling a terror attack to frighten people into compliance.\n\nIn either case - A trigger for
             WWIII or a test case for banning the civilian drone market, the establishment gains an advantage. As far as I can
tell, no one else benefits from these drone incidents. All signs point to a false flag. If this reality is exposed widely enough,
 I expect that the government will finally admit that they were behind the drone flights, but only as an effort to "protect the
 public" from an insidious threat that they could not tell us about beforehand.'


